recruit_character = AFG_mohammed_daoud_khan
recruit_character = AFG_mohammed_omar
recruit_character = AFG_ismael_balkhi
recruit_character = AFG_ghulam_muhammad_ghobar
recruit_character = AFG_nur_muhammad_taraki
recruit_character = AFG_faiz_ahmad
recruit_character = AFG_burhanuddin_rabbani
recruit_character = AFG_yunus_qanuni
recruit_character = AFG_hamid_karzai
recruit_character = AFG_qaysar_ahmadi
recruit_character = AFG_murad_yasin
recruit_character = AFG_habib_alllah_shahnawaz
recruit_character = AFG_sher_ali_abdul
recruit_character = AFG_nasr_allah_khan
recruit_character = AFG_ahmad_sattari
recruit_character = AFG_abd_alrahman_nawabi
recruit_character = AFG_mahsud_yasin
recruit_character = AFG_ayyub_sattari
recruit_character = AFG_mahmud_sattari
recruit_character = AFG_akbar_ahmadi
recruit_character = AFG_nadir_aziz
