recruit_character = ARG_alberto_teisaire
recruit_character = ARG_juan_perón
recruit_character = ARG_victorio_codovilla
recruit_character = ARG_reynaldo_pastor
recruit_character = ARG_rodolfo_martínez
recruit_character = ARG_alfredo_palacios
recruit_character = ARG_ricardo_balbín
recruit_character = ARG_luciano_molinas
recruit_character = ARG_patricio_roca
recruit_character = ARG_eugenio_rodríguez_de_francia
recruit_character = ARG_nicolás_gonzález
recruit_character = ARG_esteban_avellaneda
recruit_character = ARG_roberto_báez
recruit_character = ARG_faustino_rivera
recruit_character = ARG_pedro_flores
recruit_character = ARG_torcuato_flores
recruit_character = ARG_eugenio_aguirre
recruit_character = ARG_francisco_meza
recruit_character = ARG_roque_de_alvear
recruit_character = ARG_feliciano_solano
recruit_character = ARG_hipólito_jovellanos
recruit_character = ARG_ignacio_williman
recruit_character = ARG_junta_militar
recruit_character = ARG_eduardo_lonardi
