recruit_character = BCP_thakin_than_tun
recruit_character = BCP_zin_arkar
recruit_character = BCP_kan_thura
recruit_character = BCP_linn_u_naing
recruit_character = BCP_htun_myat
recruit_character = BCP_kyaw_htet
recruit_character = BCP_zin_khant
recruit_character = BCP_myint_u_naing
recruit_character = BCP_myint_min
recruit_character = BCP_thuta_thura
recruit_character = BCP_wunna_mg
recruit_character = BCP_win_linn
recruit_character = BCP_nyan_arkar
recruit_character = BCP_kyaw_min
recruit_character = BCP_linn_ko
recruit_character = BCP_yarzar_myat
recruit_character = BCP_thawda_arkar
recruit_character = BCP_zin_thura
recruit_character = BCP_naing_ko
recruit_character = BCP_yarzar_thura
recruit_character = BCP_pyay_khant
