recruit_character = BEL_achille_van_acker
recruit_character = BEL_gaston_eyskens
recruit_character = BEL_joseph_jacquemotte
recruit_character = BEL_charles
recruit_character = BEL_sébastien_van_snick
recruit_character = BEL_victor_wyvekens
recruit_character = BEL_pierre_beaucarne
recruit_character = BEL_patrice_blargnies
recruit_character = BEL_pierre_coquilhat
recruit_character = BEL_olivier_de_baillet
recruit_character = BEL_philippe_de_bocarmé
recruit_character = BEL_nicolas_de_croÿ
recruit_character = BEL_louis_de_lannoy
recruit_character = BEL_maximilien_de_lannoy
recruit_character = BEL_patrice_de_riquet
recruit_character = BEL_pierre_de_theux_de_meylandt
recruit_character = BEL_léonard_desmanet_de_biesme
recruit_character = BEL_philippe_devaux
recruit_character = BEL_nicolas_du_val_de_beaulieu
recruit_character = BEL_jean_duvieusart
recruit_character = BEL_joseph_pholien
recruit_character = BEL_jean_van_houtte
