recruit_character = BHU_jigme_wangchuck
recruit_character = BHU_namgang_chöphel
recruit_character = BHU_gendün_dzasa
recruit_character = BHU_andruk_shatra
recruit_character = BHU_penor_chöphel
recruit_character = BHU_mipham_tashi
recruit_character = BHU_chamba_shatra
recruit_character = BHU_jamphel_chöphel
recruit_character = BHU_tsarong_tashi
recruit_character = BHU_gendün_shatra
recruit_character = BHU_tsepon_rinpoche
recruit_character = BHU_trimon_tashi
recruit_character = BHU_mipham_wangyal
recruit_character = BHU_tsarong_rinpoche
recruit_character = BHU_jamphel_tashi
recruit_character = BHU_tsarong_wangyal
recruit_character = BHU_gendün_rinpoche
recruit_character = BHU_tsepon_shakabpa
recruit_character = BHU_chamba_wangyal
recruit_character = BHU_tsarong_chöphel
recruit_character = BHU_andruk_rinpoche
