recruit_character = BOL_gualberto_villarroel
recruit_character = BOL_enrique_hertzog
recruit_character = BOL_adolfo_fernández
recruit_character = BOL_sebastián_figueroa
recruit_character = BOL_felipe_figueroa
recruit_character = BOL_alejandro_belzú
recruit_character = BOL_isidoro_orbegoso
recruit_character = BOL_germán_pezet
recruit_character = BOL_antonio_errázuriz
recruit_character = BOL_josé_zañartu
recruit_character = BOL_ignacio_latorre
recruit_character = BOL_ruperto_castilla
recruit_character = BOL_juan_corrico
recruit_character = BOL_adolfo_toro
recruit_character = BOL_severino_valencia
recruit_character = BOL_ruperto_guilarte
recruit_character = BOL_andrés_la_mar
recruit_character = BOL_ismael_castilla
recruit_character = BOL_sebastián_errázuriz
recruit_character = BOL_juan_francisco_grau
recruit_character = BOL_felipe_baquedano
recruit_character = BOL_agustín_ballivián
recruit_character = BOL_pablo_orbegoso
recruit_character = BOL_federico_gorostiaga
