recruit_character = BUL_georgi_dimitrov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_todorovgorunia
recruit_character = BUL_kimon_georgiev
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_traykov
recruit_character = BUL_simeon_ii
recruit_character = BUL_todor_valkov
recruit_character = BUL_aleksandar_valkov
recruit_character = BUL_mihail_valnarov
recruit_character = BUL_krastyu_radev
recruit_character = BUL_petko_saksokoburggotski
recruit_character = BUL_atanas_saksokoburggotski
recruit_character = BUL_pencho_zlatarev
recruit_character = BUL_nikifor_zlatev
recruit_character = BUL_pravoslav_zlatev
recruit_character = BUL_leonid_agura
recruit_character = BUL_petur_hesapchiev
recruit_character = BUL_petar_valkov
recruit_character = BUL_radoy_valkov
recruit_character = BUL_niloa_marinov
recruit_character = BUL_radko_fichev
recruit_character = BUL_valko_chervenkov
recruit_character = BUL_asen_charakchiev
