recruit_character = CAN_w._l._mackenzie_king
recruit_character = CAN_john_bracken
recruit_character = CAN_major_james_coldwell
recruit_character = CAN_tim_buck
recruit_character = CAN_adrien_arcand
recruit_character = CAN_louis_st._laurent
recruit_character = CAN_george_a._drew
recruit_character = CAN_henry_young
recruit_character = CAN_francis_blackwood
recruit_character = CAN_arthur_grey
recruit_character = CAN_james_hastings
recruit_character = CAN_arthur_macdougall
recruit_character = CAN_james_hamilton
recruit_character = CAN_arthur_blackwood
recruit_character = CAN_james_young
recruit_character = CAN_alexander_doyle
recruit_character = CAN_charles_ross
recruit_character = CAN_alexander_gordon
recruit_character = CAN_charles_campbell
recruit_character = CAN_alexander_windham
recruit_character = CAN_charles_stanley
recruit_character = CAN_james_stanley
recruit_character = CAN_leonard_campbell
recruit_character = CAN_arthur_elliot
recruit_character = CAN_gilbert_windham
recruit_character = CAN_alexander_stanley
recruit_character = CAN_arthur_pettyfitzmaurice
recruit_character = CAN_albert_pettyfitzmaurice
recruit_character = CAN_victor_blackwood
recruit_character = CAN_leonard_doyle
recruit_character = CAN_campbell_ross
recruit_character = CAN_campbell_elliot
