recruit_character = COL_alfonso_lópez_pumarejo
recruit_character = COL_mariano_ospina_pérez
recruit_character = COL_gilberto_vieira
recruit_character = COL_hernando_santa_maría
recruit_character = COL_francisco_figueroa
recruit_character = COL_mariano_de_vidal
recruit_character = COL_alejandro_sotomayor
recruit_character = COL_miguel_de_vidal
recruit_character = COL_andrés_siles
recruit_character = COL_hernando_campero
recruit_character = COL_ruperto_iguarán
recruit_character = COL_aníbal_belzú
recruit_character = COL_felipe_latorre
recruit_character = COL_santiago_ruíztagle
recruit_character = COL_domingo_de_santa_cruz
recruit_character = COL_felipe_la_mar
recruit_character = COL_pedro_zapata
recruit_character = COL_eduardo_de_la_cruz
recruit_character = COL_francisco_salaverry
recruit_character = COL_adolfo_de_santa_cruz
recruit_character = COL_andrés_toro
recruit_character = COL_tomás_valencia
