recruit_character = CUB_ramón_grau
recruit_character = CUB_blas_roca_calderio
recruit_character = CUB_juan_posadas
recruit_character = CUB_carlos_prío_socarrás
recruit_character = CUB_fulgencio_batista
recruit_character = CUB_guillermo_luperón
recruit_character = CUB_wenceslao_gómez
recruit_character = CUB_jesús_gómez
recruit_character = CUB_fulgencio_gonzáles
recruit_character = CUB_jacinto_bayo
recruit_character = CUB_juan_moncada
recruit_character = CUB_josé_morales
recruit_character = CUB_benigno_morales
recruit_character = CUB_joaquín_batista
recruit_character = CUB_mariano_laredo
recruit_character = CUB_ambrosio_luperón
recruit_character = CUB_calixto_de_meriño
recruit_character = CUB_josé_miguel_trujillo
recruit_character = CUB_josé_valverde
recruit_character = CUB_arturo_hevia
recruit_character = CUB_jacinto_valverde
