recruit_character = CZE_edvard_benes
recruit_character = CZE_jaroslav_krejcí
recruit_character = CZE_jan_nemec
recruit_character = CZE_milan_veselý
recruit_character = CZE_borivoj_horváth
recruit_character = CZE_karel_malý
recruit_character = CZE_slavomír_havlícek
recruit_character = CZE_alois_veselý
recruit_character = CZE_jaroslav_horváth
recruit_character = CZE_stanislav_havlík
recruit_character = CZE_karel_adamec
recruit_character = CZE_alois_ferko
recruit_character = CZE_jan_kocian
recruit_character = CZE_matús_havlík
recruit_character = CZE_vojtech_adamec
recruit_character = CZE_václav_malý
recruit_character = CZE_josef_chalupa
recruit_character = CZE_jan_majer
recruit_character = CZE_václav_chalupa
recruit_character = CZE_borivoj_machácek
recruit_character = CZE_vilém_kolár
