recruit_character = DDR_georgy_zhukov
recruit_character = DDR_lothar_bolz
recruit_character = DDR_ernst_goldenbaum
recruit_character = DDR_waldemar_koch
recruit_character = DDR_andreas_hermes
recruit_character = DDR_ibrahim_böhme
recruit_character = DDR_hans_modrow
recruit_character = DDR_vasily_sokolovsky
recruit_character = DDR_karl_hamann
recruit_character = DDR_otto_nuschke
recruit_character = DDR_yannick_brendel
recruit_character = DDR_david_berglen
recruit_character = DDR_tobias_erhler
recruit_character = DDR_erik_schneider
recruit_character = DDR_wilhelm_schmidt
recruit_character = DDR_paul_müller
recruit_character = DDR_jonas_hafner
recruit_character = DDR_heinz_erhler
recruit_character = DDR_erich_barkhorn
recruit_character = DDR_theodor_rall
recruit_character = DDR_tobias_hartmann
recruit_character = DDR_peter_duttmann
recruit_character = DDR_rudolf_bamler
recruit_character = DDR_bernhard_bechler
recruit_character = DDR_wilhelm_adam
recruit_character = DDR_friedrich_dickel
recruit_character = DDR_heinrich_dollwetzel
recruit_character = DDR_otto_korfes
recruit_character = DDR_arno_von_lenski
recruit_character = DDR_vincenz_müller
recruit_character = DDR_wilhelm_pieck
recruit_character = DDR_walter_ulbricht
