recruit_character = DEN_hans_hedtoft
recruit_character = DEN_frits_clausen
recruit_character = DEN_aksel_larsen
recruit_character = DEN_christian_x
recruit_character = DEN_ole_bjørn_kraft
recruit_character = DEN_jørgen_jørgensen
recruit_character = DEN_frederick_ix
recruit_character = DEN_olav_obelitz
recruit_character = DEN_henrik_leuenbach
recruit_character = DEN_jakob_haxthausen
recruit_character = DEN_asmund_eberlin
recruit_character = DEN_valdemar_eberlin
recruit_character = DEN_sigurd_falsen
recruit_character = DEN_michael_ahlefeldt
recruit_character = DEN_folke_suenson
recruit_character = DEN_ukrik_suenson
recruit_character = DEN_aage_neergaard
recruit_character = DEN_magnus_suenson
recruit_character = DEN_ivar_suenson
recruit_character = DEN_georg_neergaard
recruit_character = DEN_edvard_neergaard
recruit_character = DEN_edvard_zytphenadeler
recruit_character = DEN_axel_laessoe
recruit_character = DEN_edvard_schackschackenborg
