recruit_character = EGY_Sayyid_Qutb
recruit_character = EGY_Hassan_al_Hudaybi
recruit_character = EGY_farouk_i
recruit_character = EGY_ahmed_husayn
recruit_character = EGY_mahmoud_amin_el_alem
recruit_character = EGY_mohamed_naguib
recruit_character = EGY_mostafa_el_nahas
recruit_character = EGY_kamil_ibn_umar
recruit_character = EGY_iskandar_ibm_kamil
recruit_character = EGY_yahya_asfour
recruit_character = EGY_mustafa_gerges
recruit_character = EGY_yahya_ibn_muhammad
recruit_character = EGY_tawfiq_ibn_ishaq
recruit_character = EGY_halil_serry
recruit_character = EGY_salim_ibn_hisham
recruit_character = EGY_jafar_serry
recruit_character = EGY_zafir_alhijazi
recruit_character = EGY_mahmoud_ibn_ahmad
recruit_character = EGY_ahmad_malouf
recruit_character = EGY_halil_pasha
recruit_character = EGY_abd_alqadir_pasha
recruit_character = EGY_abdel_hakim_amer
