recruit_character = ELS_revolutionary_council_of_government
recruit_character = ELS_lorenzo_ferrera
recruit_character = ELS_justo_ferrera
recruit_character = ELS_basilio_vasconcelos
recruit_character = ELS_diego_machado
recruit_character = ELS_juan_antonio_chamorro
recruit_character = ELS_manuel_chávez
recruit_character = ELS_bernardo_terán
recruit_character = ELS_lisandro_lópez
recruit_character = ELS_doroteo_lópez
recruit_character = ELS_maximiliano_machado
recruit_character = ELS_diego_castellanos
recruit_character = ELS_marcelino_ferrera
recruit_character = ELS_felipe_figueroa
recruit_character = ELS_benjamín_araujo
recruit_character = ELS_eduardo_arbenz
recruit_character = ELS_máximo_morazán
recruit_character = ELS_fernando_fernández
recruit_character = ELS_daniel_fernández
recruit_character = ELS_juan_pablo_mejía
recruit_character = ELS_fermín_ezeta
