recruit_character = FRA_vincent_auriol
recruit_character = FRA_guy_mollet
recruit_character = FRA_jacques_soustelle
recruit_character = FRA_jeanpaul_david
recruit_character = FRA_georges_bidault
recruit_character = FRA_jacques_duclos
recruit_character = FRA_georges_fontenis
recruit_character = FRA_henri_vi
recruit_character = FRA_charles_de_gaulle
recruit_character = FRA_comite_du_salut
recruit_character = FRA_elie_courbet
recruit_character = FRA_michel_hamelin
recruit_character = FRA_fernand_péllissier
recruit_character = FRA_paul_dubail
recruit_character = FRA_félicien_ney_delchingen
recruit_character = FRA_guillaume_boulanger
recruit_character = FRA_frédéric_forey
recruit_character = FRA_robert_lebouef
recruit_character = FRA_françois_bosquet
recruit_character = FRA_achille_duchêne
recruit_character = FRA_hugo_bazaine
recruit_character = FRA_jean_gallieni
recruit_character = FRA_gaston_monnerville
recruit_character = FRA_thomas_boulanger
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_jaurès
recruit_character = FRA_charles_tillon
recruit_character = FRA_albert_ouzoulias
recruit_character = FRA_eugène_hénaff
recruit_character = FRA_rené_camphin
