recruit_character = GRE_paul
recruit_character = GRE_themistoklis_sofoulis
recruit_character = GRE_nikos_zachariadis
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_papandreou
recruit_character = GRE_napoleon_zervas
recruit_character = GRE_kostantinos_tsaldaris
recruit_character = GRE_ioannis_passalidis
recruit_character = GRE_spyridwn_markezinis
recruit_character = GRE_theodoros_tourkovasilis
recruit_character = GRE_panagiotis_kanellopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_mpaltatzis
recruit_character = GRE_themistoklis_vassos
recruit_character = GRE_zinovios_papagos
recruit_character = GRE_kyriakos_othonaios
recruit_character = GRE_kitsos_foumis
recruit_character = GRE_markos_altanis
recruit_character = GRE_ionnis_venizelos
recruit_character = GRE_makarios_gonatas
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_diomidis
recruit_character = GRE_sofoklis_venizelos
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_zymvrakakis
recruit_character = GRE_militiadis_kolokotronis
