recruit_character = HOL_willem_schermerhorn
recruit_character = HOL_carl_romme
recruit_character = HOL_paul_de_groot
recruit_character = HOL_pieter_oud
recruit_character = HOL_wilhelmina
recruit_character = HOL_willem_drees
recruit_character = HOL_juliana
recruit_character = HOL_hendrik_den_breejen
recruit_character = HOL_peter_van_voorst_tot_voorst
recruit_character = HOL_nicolaas_kraak
recruit_character = HOL_tjerk_de_visser
recruit_character = HOL_theodorus_hoogewerff
recruit_character = HOL_philippus_winkelman
recruit_character = HOL_govert_schippers
recruit_character = HOL_adriaan_wittert_van_hoogland
recruit_character = HOL_sijmen_maas
recruit_character = HOL_jacob_van_helsdingen
recruit_character = HOL_jacob_jaapies
recruit_character = HOL_antonius_winkelman
recruit_character = HOL_willem_folmer
recruit_character = HOL_jan_willem_tebrunsvelt
recruit_character = HOL_albert_buijs
recruit_character = HOL_frits_winkelman
recruit_character = HOL_freek_hoogewerff
recruit_character = HOL_tjerk_van_voorst_tot_voorst
recruit_character = HOL_matthijs_van_liempd
recruit_character = HOL_johannes_boers
recruit_character = HOL_jacobus_giesen
recruit_character = HOL_jan_van_helsdingen
