recruit_character = ICE_interim_government
recruit_character = ICE_sveinn_björnsson
recruit_character = ICE_hjörtur_hjörtursson
recruit_character = ICE_astrathur_björnsson
recruit_character = ICE_lórens_thorarensen
recruit_character = ICE_vagn_blöndal
recruit_character = ICE_astrathur_eggthorsson
recruit_character = ICE_lórens_aagesson
recruit_character = ICE_vagn_astrathursson
recruit_character = ICE_eggthor_oddleifsson
recruit_character = ICE_Ögrim_oddleifsson
recruit_character = ICE_baldur_blöndal
recruit_character = ICE_eggthor_aagesson
recruit_character = ICE_aage_baldursson
recruit_character = ICE_vagn_hjörtursson
recruit_character = ICE_freyr_astrathursson
recruit_character = ICE_oddleifur_eggthorsson
recruit_character = ICE_vagn_oddleifsson
recruit_character = ICE_astrathur_vagnsson
recruit_character = ICE_oddleifur_thorarensen
recruit_character = ICE_hjörtur_eggthorsson
recruit_character = ICE_Ásgeir_Ásgeirsson
