recruit_character = INO_sukarno
recruit_character = INO_suharto
recruit_character = INO_joko_widodo
recruit_character = INO_hasyim_asyari
recruit_character = INO_soekiman_wirjosandjojo
recruit_character = INO_anak_sabara
recruit_character = INO_henk_subianto
recruit_character = INO_widji_hartinah
recruit_character = INO_abdul_haryanto
recruit_character = INO_soemarno_wibowo
recruit_character = INO_abdul_hartinah
recruit_character = INO_soemarno_widodo
recruit_character = INO_anak_subianto
recruit_character = INO_henk_bagus_mantra
recruit_character = INO_anak_widodo
recruit_character = INO_anak_bagus_mantra
recruit_character = INO_widji_widodo
recruit_character = INO_ida_bowo
recruit_character = INO_ida_damono
recruit_character = INO_widji_thukul
recruit_character = INO_ida_martha
recruit_character = INO_abdul_bowo
recruit_character = INO_mustafa_abubakar
recruit_character = INO_teuku_martha
recruit_character = INO_hadi_wibowo
recruit_character = INO_fauzi_sadikin
