recruit_character = ITA_ferruccio_parri
recruit_character = ITA_palmiro_togliatti
recruit_character = ITA_alcide_de_gasperi
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_nenni
recruit_character = ITA_tancredi_saletta
recruit_character = ITA_roberto_la_m√†rmora
recruit_character = ITA_giulio_higuys
recruit_character = ITA_umberto_emo
recruit_character = ITA_ferdinando_baratieri
recruit_character = ITA_innocenzo_giardino
recruit_character = ITA_higuys_vaccari
recruit_character = ITA_francesco_solari
recruit_character = ITA_federico_dezza
recruit_character = ITA_alfonso_porro
recruit_character = ITA_girolamo_fara
recruit_character = ITA_ugo_cadorna
recruit_character = ITA_ruggiero_cialdini
recruit_character = ITA_alfonso_higuys
recruit_character = ITA_vincenzo_fanti
recruit_character = ITA_felice_caviglia
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_ceccherini
recruit_character = ITA_angelo_ramorino
recruit_character = ITA_matteo_sanna
recruit_character = ITA_raffaele_pianelli
recruit_character = ITA_massimo_capello
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_pella
recruit_character = ITA_nicola_menabrea
