recruit_character = JAP_shigeru_yoshida
recruit_character = JAP_tetsu_katayama
recruit_character = JAP_kyuichi_tokuda
recruit_character = JAP_takeru_inukai
recruit_character = JAP_takeo_miki
recruit_character = JAP_hisao_kuroda
recruit_character = JAP_haruki_satake
recruit_character = JAP_rokutaro_matsumoto
recruit_character = JAP_takushiro_hattori
recruit_character = JAP_independents
recruit_character = JAP_samata_nozu
recruit_character = JAP_sukeyuki_matsudaira
recruit_character = JAP_kenkichi_arisugawa
recruit_character = JAP_hikonojo_arichi
recruit_character = JAP_yasukata_arichi
recruit_character = JAP_yoshika_ueda
recruit_character = JAP_soroku_ueda
recruit_character = JAP_nariaki_yamagata
recruit_character = JAP_kotohito_tachibana
recruit_character = JAP_keizo_hayashi
recruit_character = JAP_kiyotaka_hasegawa
recruit_character = JAP_mosaburo_suzuki
recruit_character = JAP_ichiro_hatoyama
