recruit_character = JOR_abdullah_i
recruit_character = JOR_sad_aldin_ibn_khalid
recruit_character = JOR_umar_ibn_umar
recruit_character = JOR_abd_allah_ibm_kamil
recruit_character = JOR_abd_alrahman_ibn_halil
recruit_character = JOR_fuad_ibn_ishaq
recruit_character = JOR_ibrahim_ibn_fuad
recruit_character = JOR_jamal_ibn_abd_allah
recruit_character = JOR_salim_ibn_ali
recruit_character = JOR_umar_ibn_hisham
recruit_character = JOR_zafir_ibn_umar
recruit_character = JOR_abd_alqadir_alhijazi
recruit_character = JOR_fuad_ibn_abd_alqadir
recruit_character = JOR_ibrahim_ibn_yusuf
recruit_character = JOR_kamil_ibn_muhammad
recruit_character = JOR_sad_aldin_ibn_uthman
recruit_character = JOR_tawfiq_ibn_muhammad
recruit_character = JOR_yusuf_ibn_hisham
recruit_character = JOR_abd_alqadir_ibn_khalid
recruit_character = JOR_abu_bakr_ibn_fuad
recruit_character = JOR_talal
recruit_character = JOR_hussein
