recruit_character = KAY_bo_mya
recruit_character = KAY_ag_mg
recruit_character = KAY_wunna_ko
recruit_character = KAY_naing_min
recruit_character = KAY_phyoe_thura
recruit_character = KAY_myint_mg
recruit_character = KAY_yarzar_u_nyan
recruit_character = KAY_thawda_min
recruit_character = KAY_zin_thura
recruit_character = KAY_pyay_khant
recruit_character = KAY_linn_linn
recruit_character = KAY_htun_arkar
recruit_character = KAY_wunna_thura
recruit_character = KAY_win_u_naing
recruit_character = KAY_phyoe_linn
recruit_character = KAY_phyoe_htet
recruit_character = KAY_yarzar_u_naing
recruit_character = KAY_thawda_myat
recruit_character = KAY_pyay_thura
recruit_character = KAY_kaung_myat
recruit_character = KAY_linn_min
