recruit_character = MAL_henry_gurney
recruit_character = MAL_tunku_abdul_rahman
recruit_character = MAL_kadir_ali
recruit_character = MAL_elyas_boestamam
recruit_character = MAL_tengku_kadir_suloh
recruit_character = MAL_rashid_ali
recruit_character = MAL_pak_razak
recruit_character = MAL_tengku_maidin
recruit_character = MAL_pandir_yaacob
recruit_character = MAL_lokman_razak
recruit_character = MAL_muhammad_sako
recruit_character = MAL_ibrahim_yaacob
recruit_character = MAL_abdul_razak
recruit_character = MAL_ahmad_latiff
recruit_character = MAL_eunos_aziz
recruit_character = MAL_embok_suloh
recruit_character = MAL_mazlan_latiff
recruit_character = MAL_yaacob_abdullah
recruit_character = MAL_kadir_suloh
recruit_character = MAL_tengku_latiff
recruit_character = MAL_tengku_kadir_aziz
recruit_character = MAL_tengku_yaacob
recruit_character = MAL_lokman_maidin
recruit_character = MAL_tengku_ali
