recruit_character = MLW_edmund_charles_smith_richards
recruit_character = MLW_bakili_muluzi
recruit_character = MLW_geoffrey_francis_taylor_colby
recruit_character = MLW_lobengula_tekere
recruit_character = MLW_joshua_tutu
recruit_character = MLW_dumiso_kaguvi
recruit_character = MLW_thomas_nkomo
recruit_character = MLW_thomas_msika
recruit_character = MLW_lobengula_kaguvi
recruit_character = MLW_nyongolo_kaguvi
recruit_character = MLW_lobengula_masuku
recruit_character = MLW_letswansto_dabengwa
recruit_character = MLW_joshua_takawira
recruit_character = MLW_letswansto_khumalo
recruit_character = MLW_letswansto_nkomo
recruit_character = MLW_joshua_nyagumbo
recruit_character = MLW_ndabaningi_muzorewa
recruit_character = MLW_ndabaningi_tutu
recruit_character = MLW_dumiso_tekere
recruit_character = MLW_ndabaningi_dabengwa
recruit_character = MLW_ndabaningi_sithole
