recruit_character = MNL_nai_shwe_kyin
recruit_character = MNL_myint_khant
recruit_character = MNL_linn_min
recruit_character = MNL_wunna_thura
recruit_character = MNL_nyan_khant
recruit_character = MNL_naing_u_nyan
recruit_character = MNL_phyoe_arkar
recruit_character = MNL_thuta_khant
recruit_character = MNL_kaung_ko
recruit_character = MNL_thawda_linn
recruit_character = MNL_zin_htet
recruit_character = MNL_kan_thura
recruit_character = MNL_kan_u_naing
recruit_character = MNL_htun_myat
recruit_character = MNL_kyaw_thura
recruit_character = MNL_zin_khant
recruit_character = MNL_phyoe_u_nyan
recruit_character = MNL_myint_min
recruit_character = MNL_ag_thura
recruit_character = MNL_nyan_u_nyan
recruit_character = MNL_linn_u_nyan
