recruit_character = MON_jampal_namdröl_chökyi_gyaltsen
recruit_character = MON_büdragchaagiin_dashyondon
recruit_character = MON_rinchinnyamyn_amarjargal
recruit_character = MON_tabur_mandukhai
recruit_character = MON_batsaikhan_temuujin
recruit_character = MON_tordung_temuujin
recruit_character = MON_tordung_chinbat
recruit_character = MON_amasar_temuujin
recruit_character = MON_sanchir_ariunbold
recruit_character = MON_buyirugh_temuujin
recruit_character = MON_sanchir_ankhbayar
recruit_character = MON_tsolmon_chinbat
recruit_character = MON_molon_tsogt
recruit_character = MON_taichar_chinbat
recruit_character = MON_molon_mandukhai
recruit_character = MON_yurukhan_ariunbold
recruit_character = MON_qara_budang_mandukhai
recruit_character = MON_amasar_batsaikhan
recruit_character = MON_oljeitu_temuujin
recruit_character = MON_buyirugh_ariunbold
recruit_character = MON_chaghagan_khoga_ankhbayar
recruit_character = MON_taichar_mandukhai
recruit_character = MON_taichar_batsaikhan
recruit_character = MON_ulsyn_ikh_khural
recruit_character = MON_yumjaagiin_tsedenbal
