recruit_character = NEP_tribhuvan_bir_bikram_shah
recruit_character = NEP_pushpa_kamal_dahal
recruit_character = NEP_ranjur_thapa
recruit_character = NEP_deva_shamsher_thapa
recruit_character = NEP_bhimsen_singh_thapa
recruit_character = NEP_renaudip_singh
recruit_character = NEP_bhimsen_thapa
recruit_character = NEP_jang_singh
recruit_character = NEP_chandra_shamsher_rana
recruit_character = NEP_bir_shamsher_singh
recruit_character = NEP_bir_shamsher_rana
recruit_character = NEP_amar_bahadur_rana
recruit_character = NEP_shamsher_singh_thapa
recruit_character = NEP_bhim_shamsher_rana
recruit_character = NEP_jang_thapa
recruit_character = NEP_deva_shamsher_singh_thapa
recruit_character = NEP_ranjur_rana
recruit_character = NEP_shamsher_bahadur_rana
recruit_character = NEP_amar_singh
recruit_character = NEP_bhim_shamsher_bahadur_rana
recruit_character = NEP_bhakti_singh_thapa
