recruit_character = NGA_arthur_frederick_richards
recruit_character = NGA_samuel_adetayo_akisanya
recruit_character = NGA_aminu_kano
recruit_character = NGA_abubakar_tafawa_balewa
recruit_character = NGA_nnamdi_azikiwe
recruit_character = NGA_siddiq_abubakar_iii
recruit_character = NGA_thorleif_rattray_orde_mangin
recruit_character = NGA_jelani_uzoma
recruit_character = NGA_bakano_stevenson
recruit_character = NGA_pamilekunayo_chibuike
recruit_character = NGA_muhktar_okafo
recruit_character = NGA_joseph_uzoma
recruit_character = NGA_uchechee_beluchi
recruit_character = NGA_mansur_chibuike
recruit_character = NGA_mansur_chinaza
recruit_character = NGA_jonathan_mcdonnell
recruit_character = NGA_sunkanmi_halimnye
recruit_character = NGA_michael_chinelo
recruit_character = NGA_jonathan_udegbulam
recruit_character = NGA_olatimbo_jelani
recruit_character = NGA_obafemi_awolowo
