recruit_character = NIC_víctor_manuel_román_y_reyes
recruit_character = NIC_emiliano_chamorro_vargas
recruit_character = NIC_carlos_fonseca
recruit_character = NIC_sebastián_medina
recruit_character = NIC_josé_francisco_medina
recruit_character = NIC_victoriano_garrigó
recruit_character = NIC_jorge_guzmán
recruit_character = NIC_toribio_guzmán
recruit_character = NIC_juan_antonio_peralta
recruit_character = NIC_fruto_peralta
recruit_character = NIC_josé_maría_quiros
recruit_character = NIC_alejandro_figueroa
recruit_character = NIC_justo_arbenz
recruit_character = NIC_basilio_medina
recruit_character = NIC_juan_pablo_medina
recruit_character = NIC_marcelino_corral
recruit_character = NIC_andrés_ubico
recruit_character = NIC_benjamín_vasconcelos
recruit_character = NIC_lisandro_machado
recruit_character = NIC_victoriano_barrios
recruit_character = NIC_anastasio_somoza_garcía
