recruit_character = NOR_einar_gerhardsen
recruit_character = NOR_arthur_nordlie
recruit_character = NOR_rolf_jørgen_fuglesang
recruit_character = NOR_johan_ludwig_mowinckel
recruit_character = NOR_emil_løvlien
recruit_character = NOR_christian_nørregaard
recruit_character = NOR_wilhelm_carenwall
recruit_character = NOR_odd_hauge
recruit_character = NOR_jacob_nordhaug
recruit_character = NOR_paul_hauge
recruit_character = NOR_kaare_hauge
recruit_character = NOR_adolph_wergeland
recruit_character = NOR_carl_hauge
recruit_character = NOR_hans_berg
recruit_character = NOR_sverre_dahl
recruit_character = NOR_ole_fleischer
recruit_character = NOR_jens_munthe
recruit_character = NOR_frederik_wergeland
recruit_character = NOR_daniel_teige
recruit_character = NOR_petter_eriksen
recruit_character = NOR_hans_dahl
recruit_character = NOR_paul_nordhaug
recruit_character = NOR_harald_hauge
recruit_character = NOR_paul_nørregaard
recruit_character = NOR_haakon_eriksen
