recruit_character = OMA_said_bin_taimur
recruit_character = OMA_abd_alqadir_ibn_salim
recruit_character = OMA_fawzi_ibm_kamil
recruit_character = OMA_jamal_ibn_halil
recruit_character = OMA_hisham_ibn_halil
recruit_character = OMA_kamil_ibn_abd_alqadir
recruit_character = OMA_ibrahim_alnablusi
recruit_character = OMA_yusuf_alhimsi
recruit_character = OMA_tawfiq_alghazzawi
recruit_character = OMA_yusuf_ibn_muhammad
recruit_character = OMA_fawzi_ibn_hisham
recruit_character = OMA_ibrahim_alhimsi
recruit_character = OMA_fawzi_ibn_ahmad
recruit_character = OMA_mustafa_alshami
recruit_character = OMA_mustafa_alnablusi
recruit_character = OMA_jamal_alhamawi
recruit_character = OMA_yusuf_albaghdadi
recruit_character = OMA_tawfiq_ibn_khalid
recruit_character = OMA_abd_almalik_ibn_hisham
recruit_character = OMA_uthman_ibn_salim
recruit_character = OMA_iskandar_alghazzawi
recruit_character = OMA_zafir_ibn_umar
