recruit_character = PAK_huseyn_shaheed_suhrawardy
recruit_character = PAK_faiz_ahmed_faiz
recruit_character = PAK_liaquat_ali_khan
recruit_character = PAK_a._k._fazlul_huq
recruit_character = PAK_ayub_khan
recruit_character = PAK_zulfikar_ali_bhutto
recruit_character = PAK_abul_ala_maududi
recruit_character = PAK_syad_ahmed
recruit_character = PAK_maulvi_johar
recruit_character = PAK_muhammed_khan
recruit_character = PAK_hussain_baig
recruit_character = PAK_nasir_ali
recruit_character = PAK_malik_malik
recruit_character = PAK_ahmad_malik
recruit_character = PAK_ibraheem_ahmed
recruit_character = PAK_rahmat_ahmed
recruit_character = PAK_malik_ahmed
recruit_character = PAK_maulana_khan
recruit_character = PAK_ahmad_nabiullah
recruit_character = PAK_muhammed_malik
recruit_character = PAK_muhammed_johar
recruit_character = PAK_raees_shafi
recruit_character = PAK_malik_sadiq
recruit_character = PAK_ibraheem_nabiullah
recruit_character = PAK_hussain_ali
recruit_character = PAK_nawab_shafi
recruit_character = PAK_maulvi_khan
recruit_character = PAK_maulana_ali
recruit_character = PAK_ibraheem_baig
recruit_character = PAK_khwaja_nazimuddin
recruit_character = PAK_maulvi_nabiullah
recruit_character = PAK_abdul_sadiq
recruit_character = PAK_mohammad_ali_bogra
