recruit_character = PAN_enrique_adolfo_jiménez
recruit_character = PAN_arnulfo_arias
recruit_character = PAN_ricardo_arias
recruit_character = PAN_domingo_díaz_arosemena
recruit_character = PAN_Óscar_terán
recruit_character = PAN_doroteo_terán
recruit_character = PAN_maximiliano_ubico
recruit_character = PAN_rafael_castellanos
recruit_character = PAN_próspero_castellanos
recruit_character = PAN_felipe_chamorro
recruit_character = PAN_jacobo_soto
recruit_character = PAN_máximo_araujo
recruit_character = PAN_ramón_araujo
recruit_character = PAN_fermín_morazán
recruit_character = PAN_rafael_palacios
recruit_character = PAN_ponciano_fernández
recruit_character = PAN_tiburcio_andino
recruit_character = PAN_Óscar_andino
recruit_character = PAN_santiago_montiel
recruit_character = PAN_jorge_sinibaldi
recruit_character = PAN_maximiliano_menéndez
