recruit_character = PAR_higinio_morínigo
recruit_character = PAR_alberto_candia
recruit_character = PAR_felipe_molas_lópez
recruit_character = PAR_oscar_creydt
recruit_character = PAR_rafael_franco
recruit_character = PAR_esteban_blanche
recruit_character = PAR_hernando_pezet
recruit_character = PAR_ruperto_fernández
recruit_character = PAR_ismael_figueroa
recruit_character = PAR_federico_figueroa
recruit_character = PAR_ignacio_belzú
recruit_character = PAR_severino_orbegoso
recruit_character = PAR_santiago_pezet
recruit_character = PAR_alejandro_valencia
recruit_character = PAR_jorge_zañartu
recruit_character = PAR_adolfo_latorre
recruit_character = PAR_severino_castilla
recruit_character = PAR_antonio_corrico
recruit_character = PAR_sebastián_toro
recruit_character = PAR_josé_guilarte
recruit_character = PAR_andrés_zañartu
recruit_character = PAR_esteban_baquedano
recruit_character = PAR_severino_calvo
recruit_character = PAR_federico_chavez
recruit_character = PAR_alfredo_stroessner
