recruit_character = PER_mohammad_reza_pahlavi
recruit_character = PER_ruhollah_khomeini
recruit_character = PER_reza_radmanesh
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_mosaddegh
recruit_character = PER_turan_khorasani
recruit_character = PER_derafsh_hooshang
recruit_character = PER_izad_mazandarani
recruit_character = PER_sadegh_tehrani
recruit_character = PER_dalir_meshhedi
recruit_character = PER_basir_ayrum
recruit_character = PER_rostam_abed
recruit_character = PER_amir_khadem
recruit_character = PER_rostam_ghademi
recruit_character = PER_ramin_mazdani
recruit_character = PER_ammar_shirdel
recruit_character = PER_rexa_tabrizi
recruit_character = PER_reza_airom
recruit_character = PER_arman_shahbakhti
recruit_character = PER_omid_ebrahimi
recruit_character = PER_haj_ali_razmara
recruit_character = PER_hassan_emami
recruit_character = PER_hossein_ala
