recruit_character = PHI_Ramon_Magsaysay
recruit_character = PHI_manuel_roxas
recruit_character = PHI_luis_taruc
recruit_character = PHI_elpidio_quirino
recruit_character = PHI_león_diwa
recruit_character = PHI_ladislao_arellano
recruit_character = PHI_simeón_díaz
recruit_character = PHI_arcadio_diwa
recruit_character = PHI_mariano_díaz
recruit_character = PHI_antonio_jacinto
recruit_character = PHI_manuel_bonifacio
recruit_character = PHI_simeón_diwa
recruit_character = PHI_andrés_rizal
recruit_character = PHI_deodato_bonifacio
recruit_character = PHI_manuel_aguainaldo
recruit_character = PHI_teodoro_díaz
recruit_character = PHI_arcadio_rizal
recruit_character = PHI_andrés_mabini
recruit_character = PHI_hermano_arellano
recruit_character = PHI_emilio_diwa
recruit_character = PHI_mariano_bonifacio
recruit_character = PHI_simeón_jacinto
recruit_character = PHI_jose_laurel
recruit_character = PHI_emilio_díaz
