recruit_character = POR_antónio_de_oliveira_salazar
recruit_character = POR_duarte_nuno_de_bragança
recruit_character = POR_Álvaro_cunhal
recruit_character = POR_humberto_delgado
recruit_character = POR_duarte_de_albuquerque
recruit_character = POR_damião_de_sousa
recruit_character = POR_eugénio_ferreira
recruit_character = POR_aquilino_mouzinho
recruit_character = POR_artur_rodrigues
recruit_character = POR_augusto_de_carvalho
recruit_character = POR_cláudio_fernandes
recruit_character = POR_tomé_mendes
recruit_character = POR_afonso_pinheiro
recruit_character = POR_alberto_quintanilha
recruit_character = POR_alexandre_braga
recruit_character = POR_teófilo_de_bragança
recruit_character = POR_tiago_de_moura
recruit_character = POR_afonso_ortigão
recruit_character = POR_miguel_barreto
recruit_character = POR_mário_correia
recruit_character = POR_bernardo_moniz
recruit_character = POR_filipe_dos_santos
recruit_character = POR_hermenegildo_pinheiro
recruit_character = POR_artur_de_noronha
recruit_character = POR_alexandre_freire_de_andrade
recruit_character = POR_leopoldo_cabral
recruit_character = POR_pedro_ferreira
recruit_character = POR_afonso_de_noronha
recruit_character = POR_aquilino_gil
recruit_character = POR_pascoal_tavares
recruit_character = POR_joaquim_de_lacerda
recruit_character = POR_rui_dos_reis
