recruit_character = PRU_josé_bustamante
recruit_character = PRU_manuel_a._odría
recruit_character = PRU_manuel_prado_ugarteche
recruit_character = PRU_túpac_amaru_iii
recruit_character = PRU_federico_pezet
recruit_character = PRU_esteban_rebolledo
recruit_character = PRU_nicolás_fernández
recruit_character = PRU_ruperto_figueroa
recruit_character = PRU_miguel_baquedano
recruit_character = PRU_federico_belzú
recruit_character = PRU_pedro_daza
recruit_character = PRU_eusebio_daza
recruit_character = PRU_hilarión_zañartu
recruit_character = PRU_germán_la_mar
recruit_character = PRU_rufino_latorre
recruit_character = PRU_francisco_castilla
recruit_character = PRU_ismael_toro
recruit_character = PRU_patricio_valencia
recruit_character = PRU_sebastián_figueroa
recruit_character = PRU_ramón_montt
recruit_character = PRU_tomás_franco
recruit_character = PRU_isidoro_monje
recruit_character = PRU_ismael_monje
