recruit_character = RAJ_frederick_pethicklawrence
recruit_character = RAJ_jawaharlal_nehru
recruit_character = RAJ_chakravarti_rajagopalachari
recruit_character = RAJ_a._k._gopalan
recruit_character = RAJ_muhammad_ismail
recruit_character = RAJ_jayaprakash_narayan
recruit_character = RAJ_syama_prasad_mukherjee
recruit_character = RAJ_charu_majumdar
recruit_character = RAJ_devraj_datta
recruit_character = RAJ_surinder_suhag
recruit_character = RAJ_bahadur_yadav
recruit_character = RAJ_mohandas_bharali
recruit_character = RAJ_ashok_hira
recruit_character = RAJ_punita_negi
recruit_character = RAJ_ramnath_varadarajan
recruit_character = RAJ_yogendra_prasad
recruit_character = RAJ_ashwani_suhag
recruit_character = RAJ_devraj_bakshi
recruit_character = RAJ_surinder_ambre
recruit_character = RAJ_triveni_verma
recruit_character = RAJ_syed_rawat
recruit_character = RAJ_bimal_hooda
recruit_character = RAJ_gian_wangchuk
recruit_character = RAJ_atan_rawat
recruit_character = RAJ_sanijv_hooda
recruit_character = RAJ_kesur_varadarajan
