recruit_character = ROM_petru_groza
recruit_character = ROM_michael_i
recruit_character = ROM_horia_sima
recruit_character = ROM_mihal_z._racovitza
recruit_character = ROM_gheorghe_gheorghiudej
recruit_character = ROM_cezar_dumitrescu
recruit_character = ROM_vasile_angelescu
recruit_character = ROM_vlad_lahovary
recruit_character = ROM_andrei_lahovary
recruit_character = ROM_iosif_scodrea
recruit_character = ROM_stefan_slaniceanu
recruit_character = ROM_mihai_holban
recruit_character = ROM_alexandru_christecu
recruit_character = ROM_ion_christecu
recruit_character = ROM_simion_cihoski
recruit_character = ROM_luca_froza
recruit_character = ROM_adrian_harjeu
recruit_character = ROM_petru_holban
recruit_character = ROM_iulian_cuza
recruit_character = ROM_valeriu_dona
recruit_character = ROM_adrian_ciuperca
recruit_character = ROM_emanuel_crainiceanu
