recruit_character = SAU_abdulaziz_ibn_saud
recruit_character = SAU_ishaq_ibn_hasan
recruit_character = SAU_khalid_ibm_kamil
recruit_character = SAU_salim_ibn_halil
recruit_character = SAU_umar_ibn_abd_alqadir
recruit_character = SAU_abd_alkarim_ibn_fuad
recruit_character = SAU_abd_alrahman_ibn_hisham
recruit_character = SAU_fuad_ibn_uthman
recruit_character = SAU_iskandar_alhijazi
recruit_character = SAU_khalid_ibn_ahmad
recruit_character = SAU_sad_aldin_ibm_kamil
recruit_character = SAU_umar_ibn_salim
recruit_character = SAU_zafir_ibn_yusuf
recruit_character = SAU_abd_alrahman_ibn_abd_allah
recruit_character = SAU_halil_ibn_ishaq
recruit_character = SAU_ibrahim_ibn_khalid
recruit_character = SAU_khalid_ibn_umar
recruit_character = SAU_uthman_ibn_jafar
recruit_character = SAU_tawfiq_ibn_hasan
recruit_character = SAU_ali_ibn_khalid
recruit_character = SAU_saud_bin_abdulaziz_al_saud
