recruit_character = SIA_plaek_phibunsongkhram
recruit_character = SIA_pote_sarasin
recruit_character = SIA_khuang_aphaiwong
recruit_character = SIA_thep_chotinuchit
recruit_character = SIA_rama_ix
recruit_character = SIA_song_noppakul
recruit_character = SIA_kuekrit_pramoj
recruit_character = SIA_chula_mahidol
recruit_character = SIA_ngam_jaidee
recruit_character = SIA_preet_chaiwong
recruit_character = SIA_son_adulyadej
recruit_character = SIA_ngam_mahidol
recruit_character = SIA_pridi_jivacate
recruit_character = SIA_watchara_jaidee
recruit_character = SIA_nu_chaiwong
recruit_character = SIA_nadee_srichure
recruit_character = SIA_watchara_mahidol
recruit_character = SIA_chula_jaidee
recruit_character = SIA_son_jivacate
recruit_character = SIA_mok_boonma
recruit_character = SIA_nadee_mahidol
