recruit_character = SIK_elihan_tore
recruit_character = SIK_ehmetjan_qasim
recruit_character = SIK_ibrahim_qiu
recruit_character = SIK_xie_ma
recruit_character = SIK_shukri_jin
recruit_character = SIK_abd_alkarim_wei
recruit_character = SIK_jamal_peng
recruit_character = SIK_iskandar_wu
recruit_character = SIK_saud_wu
recruit_character = SIK_ishaq_hu
recruit_character = SIK_ma_lÃ¼
recruit_character = SIK_yang_ma
recruit_character = SIK_abd_almalik_ye
recruit_character = SIK_yang_sun
recruit_character = SIK_jafar_dong
recruit_character = SIK_abu_bakr_jiang
recruit_character = SIK_iskandar_tian
recruit_character = SIK_abd_alrahman_shen
recruit_character = SIK_gao_qiu
recruit_character = SIK_halil_ting
recruit_character = SIK_ishaq_peng
recruit_character = SIK_ma_qiu
