recruit_character = SMI_ghalib_alhinai
recruit_character = SMI_abd_alkarim_alshami
recruit_character = SMI_halil_alnablusi
recruit_character = SMI_ahmad_albaghdadi
recruit_character = SMI_khalid_ibn_salim
recruit_character = SMI_iskandar_ibn_jafar
recruit_character = SMI_iskandar_ibn_hisham
recruit_character = SMI_uthman_ibn_halil
recruit_character = SMI_salim_ibn_abd_alqadir
recruit_character = SMI_uthman_alnablusi
recruit_character = SMI_abd_alrahman_almawsili
recruit_character = SMI_halil_ibn_uthman
recruit_character = SMI_ahmad_ibn_muhammad
recruit_character = SMI_khalid_ibn_khalid
recruit_character = SMI_khalid_ibn_hisham
recruit_character = SMI_sad_aldin_ibn_ahmad
recruit_character = SMI_umar_ibn_abd_alqadir
recruit_character = SMI_uthman_alqudsi
recruit_character = SMI_abd_allah_alhamawi
recruit_character = SMI_zafir_ibn_ali
recruit_character = SMI_kamil_ibn_uthman
