recruit_character = SML_gerald_thomas_fisher
recruit_character = SML_abdirahman_ahmed_ali_tuur
recruit_character = SML_muhammad_haji_ibrahim_egal
recruit_character = SML_mohamoud_ali_shire
recruit_character = SML_gerald_reece
recruit_character = SML_abdirashid_kediye
recruit_character = SML_jama_albarawi
recruit_character = SML_shaykh_abade
recruit_character = SML_farah_kusow
recruit_character = SML_shaykh_adan
recruit_character = SML_abdiweli_shirdon
recruit_character = SML_nur_ismail
recruit_character = SML_abdiweli_alamawi
recruit_character = SML_mohamed_addou
recruit_character = SML_warsame_muhammad
recruit_character = SML_hirsi_galal
recruit_character = SML_osman_farole
recruit_character = SML_dahir_sinimo
recruit_character = SML_mohamoud_bani
recruit_character = SML_abdirashid_aato
recruit_character = SML_abdulkadir_maanta
