recruit_character = SOV_joseph_stalin
recruit_character = SOV_pyotr_yudenich
recruit_character = SOV_giorgi_lazarev
recruit_character = SOV_giorgi_brusilov
recruit_character = SOV_nikita_kuropatkin
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_tukhachevsky
recruit_character = SOV_dmitry_lazarev
recruit_character = SOV_roman_tukhachevsky
recruit_character = SOV_grigoriy_kuropatkin
recruit_character = SOV_grigoriy_surkov
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_frolov
recruit_character = SOV_fyodor_shuvalov
recruit_character = SOV_fyodor_dragomirov
recruit_character = SOV_semyon_shuvalov
recruit_character = SOV_maxim_dragomirov
recruit_character = SOV_viktor_shuvalov
recruit_character = SOV_viktor_denikin
recruit_character = SOV_lavr_nakhimov
recruit_character = SOV_gennady_chibisov
recruit_character = SOV_tan_truong
recruit_character = SOV_hong_do
recruit_character = SOV_the_nguyen
recruit_character = SOV_igor_skobelev
recruit_character = SOV_nikita_romanov
recruit_character = SOV_valery_azarov
recruit_character = SOV_georgy_malenkov
recruit_character = SOV_pyotr_konev
recruit_character = SOV_nikita_kolchak
recruit_character = SOV_malenkov,_khrushchev,_and_beria_troika
recruit_character = SOV_grigoriy_nakhimov
