recruit_character = SPR_josé_giral
recruit_character = SPR_dolores_ibárruri
recruit_character = SPR_liderazgo_colectivo
recruit_character = SPR_nicolás_cazalla
recruit_character = SPR_francisco_franco
recruit_character = SPR_doroteo_de_ziáurriz
recruit_character = SPR_juan_carlos_i
recruit_character = SPR_nicolás_maura
recruit_character = SPR_santiago_acuña
recruit_character = SPR_alfonso_herrera
recruit_character = SPR_bernardino_valdés
recruit_character = SPR_dionisio_franco
recruit_character = SPR_francisco_rojo
recruit_character = SPR_jacobo_de_albornoz
recruit_character = SPR_luis_miaja
recruit_character = SPR_pablo_allendesalazar
recruit_character = SPR_sebastián_linares
recruit_character = SPR_antonio_villapol
recruit_character = SPR_baltasar_rojo
recruit_character = SPR_eduardo_márquez
recruit_character = SPR_santiago_de_la_fuente
recruit_character = SPR_pablo_de_la_fuente
recruit_character = SPR_gonzalo_sanjurjo
recruit_character = SPR_alfonso_odonnell
recruit_character = SPR_manuel_muñoz
