recruit_character = SWE_per_albin_hansson
recruit_character = SWE_axel_pehrssonbramstorp
recruit_character = SWE_gustaf_v
recruit_character = SWE_bertil_ohlin
recruit_character = SWE_birger_ekstedt
recruit_character = SWE_fritiof_domö
recruit_character = SWE_sven_linderot
recruit_character = SWE_göran_assar_oredsson
recruit_character = SWE_per_gahrton
recruit_character = SWE_anders_klarström
recruit_character = SWE_bert_karlsson
recruit_character = SWE_tage_erlander
recruit_character = SWE_gunnar_hedlund
recruit_character = SWE_albin_brolin
recruit_character = SWE_alexander_oltner
recruit_character = SWE_sten_borg
recruit_character = SWE_dennis_sjöman
recruit_character = SWE_daniel_knubb
recruit_character = SWE_nils_andersson
recruit_character = SWE_john_sture
recruit_character = SWE_anton_oltner
