recruit_character = TUN_muhammad_viii_alamin
recruit_character = TUN_habib_bourguiba
recruit_character = TUN_uthman_ibn_umar
recruit_character = TUN_abd_allah_ibn_khalid
recruit_character = TUN_abd_alrahman_ibn_salim
recruit_character = TUN_fuad_ibm_kamil
recruit_character = TUN_ishaq_ibn_halil
recruit_character = TUN_kamil_ibn_jafar
recruit_character = TUN_sad_aldin_ibn_mustafa
recruit_character = TUN_uthman_ibn_hisham
recruit_character = TUN_zafir_ibn_ali
recruit_character = TUN_abd_alrahman_ibn_hasan
recruit_character = TUN_ishaq_ibn_fuad
recruit_character = TUN_ibrahim_alnajdi
recruit_character = TUN_kamil_ibn_abu_bakr
recruit_character = TUN_sad_aldin_ibn_halil
recruit_character = TUN_umar_ibn_mustafa
recruit_character = TUN_zafir_ibn_uthman
recruit_character = TUN_abd_alrahman_alhijazi
recruit_character = TUN_hasan_ibn_abd_allah
recruit_character = TUN_fawzi_ibn_jafar
