recruit_character = TUR_cemal_gürsel
recruit_character = TUR_ismet_inönü
recruit_character = TUR_sefik_hüsnü
recruit_character = TUR_celâl_bayar
recruit_character = TUR_nihal_atsiz
recruit_character = TUR_ahmed_iv
recruit_character = TUR_alparslan_türkes
recruit_character = TUR_nuri_demirag
recruit_character = TUR_minetullah_haydaroglu
recruit_character = TUR_süreyya_ilmen_pasa
recruit_character = TUR_turhan_feyzioglu
recruit_character = TUR_ekrem_hayri_Üstündag
recruit_character = TUR_ekrem_alican
recruit_character = TUR_collective_leadership
recruit_character = TUR_dogu_perinçek
recruit_character = TUR_necmettin_erbakan
recruit_character = TUR_cevat_rifat_atilhan
recruit_character = TUR_hüseyin_balan
recruit_character = TUR_hayrullah_erkilet
recruit_character = TUR_murat_Özsü
recruit_character = TUR_hasan_omurtak
recruit_character = TUR_osman_karabekir
recruit_character = TUR_omar_gökberk
