recruit_character = URG_luis_batlle_berres
recruit_character = URG_rodney_arismendi
recruit_character = URG_facundo_santos
recruit_character = URG_eugenio_santos
recruit_character = URG_miguel_lópez
recruit_character = URG_roque_pereira
recruit_character = URG_roberto_quintana
recruit_character = URG_faustino_ellauri
recruit_character = URG_pedro_williman
recruit_character = URG_torcuato_wisner
recruit_character = URG_esteban_wisner
recruit_character = URG_félix_derqui
recruit_character = URG_roque_derqui
recruit_character = URG_feliciano_santos
recruit_character = URG_venancio_lópez
recruit_character = URG_gabriel_berro
recruit_character = URG_santiago_brown
recruit_character = URG_francisco_rondeau
recruit_character = URG_atanasio_justo
recruit_character = URG_feliciano_flores
recruit_character = URG_luis_quintana
recruit_character = URG_juan_josé_vidal
