recruit_character = USA_harry_s._truman
recruit_character = USA_gus_hall
recruit_character = USA_charles_riprap
recruit_character = USA_george_lincoln_rockwell
recruit_character = USA_strom_thurmond
recruit_character = USA_ross_perot
recruit_character = USA_wilton_blunt
recruit_character = USA_jerome_harrison
recruit_character = USA_jeffrey_sprague
recruit_character = USA_isaac_schofield
recruit_character = USA_leonida_ewell
recruit_character = USA_rand_robertson
recruit_character = USA_hiram_imboden
recruit_character = USA_adam_bowie
recruit_character = USA_robert_beatty
recruit_character = USA_thomas_clayton
recruit_character = USA_wade_foster
recruit_character = USA_simon_rosencrans
recruit_character = USA_albert_wade
recruit_character = USA_jonas_bradley
recruit_character = USA_dwight_d._eisenhower
recruit_character = USA_james_wigfall
recruit_character = USA_leslie_doubleday
