recruit_character = VEN_carlos_delgado_chalbaud
recruit_character = VEN_juan_bautista_fuenmayor
recruit_character = VEN_adolfo_fernández
recruit_character = VEN_severino_baquedano
recruit_character = VEN_hilarión_castilla
recruit_character = VEN_sebastián_corrico
recruit_character = VEN_andrés_toro
recruit_character = VEN_ladislao_valencia
recruit_character = VEN_ismael_la_mar
recruit_character = VEN_juan_francisco_campero
recruit_character = VEN_antonio_castilla
recruit_character = VEN_aníbal_sotomayor
recruit_character = VEN_josé_miguel_ballivián
recruit_character = VEN_luis_ballivián
recruit_character = VEN_jorge_baquedano
recruit_character = VEN_bartolomé_echenique
recruit_character = VEN_juan_antonio_echenique
recruit_character = VEN_antonio_errázuriz
recruit_character = VEN_manuel_arteaga
recruit_character = VEN_josé_miguel_toro
recruit_character = VEN_eduardo_altamirano
