recruit_character = WGR_Kurt_Schumacher
recruit_character = WGR_bernard_montgomery
recruit_character = WGR_willy_brandt
recruit_character = WGR_erich_mende
recruit_character = WGR_bundestag
recruit_character = WGR_konrad_adenauer
recruit_character = WGR_franz_blücher
recruit_character = WGR_heinrich_hellwege
recruit_character = WGR_max_reimann
recruit_character = WGR_gunther_mïller
recruit_character = WGR_joachim_berglen
recruit_character = WGR_stephan_wilbs
recruit_character = WGR_maximilian_hoffmann
recruit_character = WGR_heinz_becker
recruit_character = WGR_maximilian_stotz
recruit_character = WGR_felix_schulz
recruit_character = WGR_gunther_beisswenger
recruit_character = WGR_peter_lang
recruit_character = WGR_staffan_kirschner
recruit_character = WGR_otto_wagner
recruit_character = WGR_alfons_duttmann
recruit_character = WGR_emil_weber
recruit_character = WGR_david_lipfert
recruit_character = WGR_erik_schmidt
recruit_character = WGR_peter_weber
