recruit_character = WPA_hubertus_van_mook
recruit_character = WPA_tony_lovink
recruit_character = WPA_paias_wingti
recruit_character = WPA_paulias_kidu
recruit_character = WPA_adrian_oneill
recruit_character = WPA_paias_laws
recruit_character = WPA_dika_bai
recruit_character = WPA_benkato_lam
recruit_character = WPA_abba_aizue
recruit_character = WPA_francis_namaliu
recruit_character = WPA_freddy_aizue
recruit_character = WPA_abba_mondo
recruit_character = WPA_michael_wingti
recruit_character = WPA_will_ottio
recruit_character = WPA_adrian_hicks
recruit_character = WPA_paias_numberi
recruit_character = WPA_will_bai
recruit_character = WPA_matthew_somare
recruit_character = WPA_paias_giddings
recruit_character = WPA_george_egerton
recruit_character = WPA_stephan_lucien_joseph_van_waardenburg
